HITL Support (#327)
quartiq/stabilizer: hitl/README.md

# Stabilizer HITL Testing

This directory contains tooling required for Stabilizer hardware-in-the-loop (HITL) testing.

There is a `Stabilizer` board connected at the Quartiq office that is accessible via a private HITL
repository in order to provide secure hardware testing of the stabilizer application in a public
repository.

**Note**: In order to ensure application security, all HITL runs must first be approved by a Quartiq
representative before execution.

> # Hardware Configuration
> Stabilizer is configured with an ethernet connection to a router. The router runs a DHCP server for
> the local network, and Stabilizers MAC address has been assigned to the unique host name of
> `gonnigan.ber.quartiq.de`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Configuration
* Stabilizer is configured with an ethernet connection to a router. The router runs a DHCP server for
the local network, and ensures that the Stabilizer used for these tests is available under the hostname `stabilizer-hitl`.
* An MQTT broker is running at the hostname `mqtt`.
```
